Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
This means...
...we got lost, too?
It's your fault!
What are you going to do?!
Don't tell me...
Wow! We can't go home?!
No! I don't like it!
Don't yell so loudly!
Anyway, let's calm down
and find the exit. Okay?
What's this?
I can't take it anymore!
It's your fault! It was your idea
to have Yoshikawa get lost!
I get it! You're happy
if I do something! Right?!
Wait! It's dangerous!
There must be an exit somewhere.
Hey! That is someone's
voice, isn't it?! Below this...
What?! What happened?!
No!
Yoshikawa! Wait!
No! Wait!
What are you going to do?! No!
Yoshikawa!
Uehara-san! Can you hear me?!
Answer me! Uehara-san!
Miss Uehara!
- Help me!
- Don't struggle!
- Calm down, Uehara-san!
- Someone! Help me!
Are you all right?
Uehara-san?
Am I all right?!
Because of you, I almost drowned!
What? I saved you!
Saved?! Don't be so smug!
You're just Yoshikawa!
- Really, he's useless!
- I shouldn't have saved her!
- Saved me?! Are you kidding?!
- My face still hurts...
Don't stare at me!
- Look for the exit!
- I just caught your eye!
- You pervert!
- I see! I see!
I get it! I'm sorry!
Why do I have to...?
This is all Yoshikawa's fault!
Because he pulled that trick...
That's why I...
I'll get my revenge
when we get home...
Don't leave me alone! You idiot!
What are you talking about?
You told me to find the exit...
I'm a girl! Be sensitive!
Someone's voice! Hear it?!
It must be our rescuers!
You can hear it, can't you?!
Here! We're here!
Can you hear me?!
We're here!
- Please answer.!
- No! Stay away!
We were deceived
the first time, too.
But it was not someone's voice.
The wind echoes in the cave...
...and it sounds like that...
So...
No! I didn't intend to do that!
What's this?!
It's like a natural trap.
What's going on?
Help me. I don't like this place!
No! I don't want to die like this!
I don't want to die here!
Please! Someone!
- Hello!
- Yoshikawa!
- Uehara!
- Izumi!
- Asano!
- Shoot! Where did they go?
- Hey! Don't go too far!
In this huge jungle,
where should we start looking?!
What? Are you saying
if we take off your muzzle...
...in your grandpa's name...
...you swear that you can
find them in two seconds?
Don't mess with me!
You're "Yapoo."
Now you're my dog.
Do you understand, Yapoo?
If you do, don't use your head...
... but use your nose
to find Yoshikawa!
Still complaining?
You want the habu
punishment again?
Kanzaki, isn't it
time to forgive him?
Are you joking?!
The humiliation
I received is much worse!
- Because of that fanatical trio...
- I suppose...
-... I had to go through...
-...it has nothing to do with me...
Hum, Yapoo.
You want to be bitten
by the habu again...
Then we should put it in his anus
and let it bite his testicles.
This isn't good.
Night is approaching...
We have to find them soon.
Otherwise, it's not
a joke anymore...
Oh, something is over there!
No!
Everyone! Go behind Yapoo
and use him as our shield!
Izumi! Asano!
- What were you doing?!
- Are you guys alone?!
- We were looking for you!
- Where is Uehara? Yoshikawa?
Anko fell into the sea...
Trying to help her,
Yoshikawa fell, too...
- Are you serious?
- Where did it happen?
What is it?!
Onizuka! Where are you going?!
Isn't he going
to search for Yoshikawa?
So where did he go
to search for him?
I wonder where...
Hey... Yoshikawa...
Are you sure
this is the way to the exit?
I don't know...
I see...
Of course...
Well...
The place we came in...
How about that place?
There...
...the seawater from the outside
flows underground, I think...
It had a strong current.
So I don't know how far
we were swept away...
I think we were lucky...
I see...
If... If...
I remember now...
When we were in
the second year of junior high...
...you guys tied me up...
...at the foot-washing area
at the swimming pool...
...and you tortured me
with water...
The water was cold at that time.
It was in the winter...
Why are you saying this now?!
Are you stupid?
Idiot! Stupid Yoshikawa!
Hey...
Don't you think
the water is getting colder?
I wonder if the tide is coming in...
It seems like it...
Look!
You see barnacles
on the ceiling?
It's evidence that water
usually reaches that far.
Then we can't breathe!
- Let's go...
- Yeah...
We'll be fine.
I bet teacher has noticed...
...we're missing
and is looking for us now.
They can't find this place...
First of all, why are you so calm?
We may die, you know!
Aren't you afraid?
Of course I'm afraid.
Then why...?
I've been picked on
for a long time...
Maybe I'm used to being afraid...
And if I panic, you will get
more scared, won't you?
I'm a man, anyway...
Why are you showing off?
You're just Yoshikawa...
Hey! Yoshikawa!
What happened?!
Where are you going?!
- There is a tunnel under here.
- What?
Just a little bit,
but I could see a light.
It may be coming from outside.
It may...?!
I'm going there to check it out!
Wait! Yoshi.!
Are you serious?! Yoshikawa!
Yoshikawa!
!$&%#;@Y!
Hey...
I really don't think
we need to wait here.
It's better if we go back.
Definitely!
Are you listening to me?
It's cold here, too.
I can't sleep like this.!
We're keeping watch.
So don't worry.
You are...
-... more timid than you let on.
- What?!
What are you talking about?!
Stupid Murai!
Idiot Murai!
- Mama's boy Murai!
- What did you say?!
Mama's boy!
I'm not protecting you anymore!
(That's all right!
I'll have Kikuchi to protect me!)
(What?! Is that a big admission?!)
(Then I'll have Horikawa!)
(- Wow!)
(- What?! How about me?!)
- Hey, Kikuchi...
(- Murai, you seem...)
(...to be enjoying this!)
- Is it a good idea to have a fire...?
(- Shut up!)
- Don't do it.
(- I'm always like this.!)
(Why can't I be...)
- I wonder if Yoshikawa...
(-...the cool one?)
-...and Uehara are okay...
(- I guess it's your character...)
(Then for me, Shioyama!)
- Yoshikawa is with her.
(- Why can't I be included...)
- They must be fine.
(-...when it comes to being sexy?)
- Yeah...
(- I came all the way to Okinawa...)
(...and I'm treated like this!
What's going on?!)
- Oh, how about Onizuka-sensei...
(- Who is in charge here?!)
...and Kanzaki...?
(- You have Fukada!)
(- Don't mention that name!)
- Onizuka is with her.
(- Then I'll settle for Fujiyoshi!)
(Wow! Cool!)
I can't say...
Onizuka! Stop! Where...?!
I'm headed for Yoshikawa
and Uehara, of course!
Damn! Those guys!
They fell in the ocean?!
I know what they're up to!
Treasure! They must
have found the treasure!
And they are trying
to steal it all for themselves!
Shit! I will never let you get away!
What are you talking about?!
I'm not mistaken!
My nose tells me so!
I understand! So stop
and calm down and discuss.!
Wait for me! Yoshikawa! Uehara!
Hey... Not yet...?
Yoshikawa!
Yoshikawa-kun!
Hey! Yoshikawa!
Don't toy with me!
I won't forgive you!
What are you doing?!
I thought you were dead.!
It's the exit! I've found the exit!
- What?
- It's ahead.
I saw the light in the distance.
It must be coming
from the outside!
If we dive for a minute or so...
A minute?! No way! I can't!
The wave is coming again!
Hurry up! Quickly!
But.!
Of course, I can't do it!
- Uehara-san!
- No! I won't go!
Uehara-san!
You can do it. Trust me.
Who is it? Someone is crying.
That is...
...me?
Onii-chan...
Why are you mean to me?
I'm not doing anything wrong...
Return my doll...
Yuichi Nii-chan...
Why?!
Yuichi! Where is Yuichi?!
What are these grades?!
Why do you think
I'm paying lots of money...
...to send you to a private school?
You're my oldest son!
Aren't you a man?!
That's mine.!
Onii-chan...
Why are you mean to me?
Don't you like me?
Yuichi Nii-chan... I...
I like you very much...
Uehara-san!
Are you awake? Are you all right?
Do you have any pain?
You may have hit your head...
Uehara-san?
Well, I'll touch you...
You swallowed
some water, didn't you?
Can you breathe
without any pain?
Look, Uehara-san.
I think this was a church
and an air-raid shelter before.
There are old plates
and ammunition.
Anyway, there were
people here before.
- So there must be...
- I see...
-...an exit somewhere...
- I...
- After resting a little...
I can start to search...
- Yoshikawa!
- What?
To tell the truth... I...
I...
Teacher!
Yoshikawa! You're here!
Oh! I did it! 2 billion! 2 billion!
I've got them! Hooray!
That's...?
I've found the hidden treasure!
Teacher,
you came to save us. Right?
What happened to you?
I've got Onizuka-sickness,
no, motion-sickness...
Now I'm a billionaire! Right?!
How about that?!
Teacher...
That isn't it...
What? I see. You're still
trying to steal it from me...
I won't be deceived.
This treasure is mine!
The treasure box!
Stay there!
Wait, Onizuka! Stop! Stop!
Don't move! Calm down!
Oh, Kanzaki...
So what should I do with this?
Don't move!
Oh! You guys.!
Onizuka.!
Is he...?
Where are you?
Teacher!
Treasure!
- An octopus!
- You!
- I'll kill you!
- What did you do?!
He has a lot of energy.
He must have hidden
in the hole he had dug.
Maybe he just fell in it.
Ah, Uehara-san...
That time in the cave...
...what were you going to say?
What are you talking about?
- You pervert! Idiot!
- What?! Stop it! I'm sorry!
A body!
We hauled up a drowned body!
Vice Principal!
I didn't see him.!
We have another problem!
Who is going
to take responsibility?!
Now's not the time to discuss it!
Teachers!
Please identify the body!
Onizuka.!
Onizuka!
Vice Principal!
He is alive...
Be strong!
Vice Principal! Vice Principal!
Oretachino miraiwa
dokoe tonde yukuno darouka
Kitto atenonai tabidakara
hitasura tonde yuku dakesa
Doushiyoumo naku yarusenai
mainichiwo tomete kuretara
Antano iukoto
subete nandemo kikusa
Zaisanga ikura attemo
nanikaga tarinai oretachiwa
Kawaranai kono kazeto
nioiga subete nanosa
Oretachino ashitawo
imamo sagashiteru tokoro
Waratcha damedaze
hontouni dokoka kiesou dakara
Oreno yuganda imano serifuwo
wasurenaide kureyo
Mou yoruwa owarisou
dakara imawo hashirinuke youka
Oretachiwa imaga subete
Oretachiwa imaga subetesa
Owaranai yoruga hajimaru
Kimeteyaruze konya
NEXT EPISODE
Yoshikawa...
What is it?
If you like, the two of us...
...can be together
the last night in Okinawa...
To tell you the truth, I've been
thinking about you for a long time...
Good memories...
I WANT YOU.
I'm not mentally prepared yet...
I'm not ready.!
SEE YA NEXT TIME